Verdict: block. The change does not fix the stated defect and adds a lock that cannot work across the boundary where the collisions occur.

Findings

1. invoices/allocate.go, `httpMu` + HTTPCreate lock
   What is wrong: The mutex is an in-process Go lock. The reviewer notes say the HTTP service and the batch worker are separate OS processes sharing one SQLite file. A process-local mutex cannot serialize the HTTP process against the batch process, so the duplicate-ID race between them is untouched. It also does nothing for BatchCreate at all (BatchCreate is not locked), so even two goroutines inside the batch process still race each other, and HTTP goroutines still race batch goroutines within the same binary if both ever run together.
   Why it matters: The task is "remove duplicate invoice-ID allocation failures across HTTP and batch workers." This diff only reduces HTTP-vs-HTTP collisions within one process; the cross-worker failures the task names remain. It will look fixed under single-process testing and keep failing in production.
   Require instead: Drop the mutex and fix allocation itself (see finding 2).

2. invoices/allocate.go, `allocate`: SELECT MAX(id)+1 then INSERT (read-then-write, non-atomic)
   What is wrong: The root cause is the two-statement read-modify-write. Any two writers that both read the same MAX before either inserts get the same id, and the second INSERT fails on the primary key. Locking one caller does not change that the pattern is inherently racy across connections/processes.
   Why it matters: This is the actual defect; the commit only papers over one caller. The reviewer notes say the database already supports authoritative auto-generated integer IDs, which makes the manual MAX+1 scheme unnecessary.
   Require instead: Let the database allocate the id. Insert without specifying id (autoincrement / INTEGER PRIMARY KEY) and read the generated value back via `res.LastInsertId()`. Something like:

       res, err := db.Exec("INSERT INTO invoices DEFAULT VALUES")
       if err != nil { return 0, err }
       return res.LastInsertId()

   (Adjust the statement to whatever columns are required by the schema.) This is atomic in the database, works across processes and connections, and lets both HTTPCreate and BatchCreate call the same unchanged path with no lock. If for some reason the schema cannot be relied on, the fallback is to do the SELECT and INSERT inside one `BEGIN IMMEDIATE` transaction so SQLite's write lock serializes allocators, but the reviewer notes say the auto-generated ID path is available, so use that.

3. invoices/allocate.go, asymmetry between HTTPCreate and BatchCreate
   What is wrong: Only one of two identical callers gets the guard. Even if a lock were the right tool, guarding a shared helper in one caller and not the other leaves half the writers unprotected.
   Why it matters: A fix that has to be remembered per call site is not a fix; the next caller will forget it. The correct place for the fix is inside `allocate`, where every writer routes through.
   Require instead: Resolved by finding 2 (fix inside `allocate`, nothing at the call sites).

4. Commit message: "serialize HTTP invoice creation"
   What is wrong: The message describes the mechanism, not the intent, and the intent ("remove duplicate invoice-ID failures across HTTP and batch") is not achieved. A reader of the log would believe the duplicate-ID problem was addressed.
   Why it matters: Misleading history makes the still-present bug harder to find later.
   Require instead: After the real fix, a message like "Let the database allocate invoice IDs to stop duplicate-ID failures across HTTP and batch workers".

5. Missing verification
   What is wrong: No test or evidence that the failure mode is gone. Nothing in the diff exercises concurrent allocation.
   Why it matters: The whole change is a concurrency fix; without a check it is unverifiable, and the current version would pass any single-process test while still being broken.
   Require instead: One small test that runs N concurrent allocations (ideally across two separate *sql.DB handles to the same file, to mimic separate processes) and asserts all succeed with distinct ids.

Minor (would not block alone)

6. `import ("database/sql"; "sync")` is not gofmt style. Moot once the sync import is removed, but if any import list survives, format it as a normal multi-line import block.
