Verdict: block. The change does not do what the task asks. It masks duplicate IDs in the report output while leaving the duplicate records in the store and leaving both import paths free to create more of them.

Findings

1. app/imports.py, report() (the only changed line)
   What is wrong: Deduplicating with {row["id"]: row ...}.values() hides duplicates at read time instead of preventing them at write time. The store still contains every duplicate; every other consumer of store.rows() (and any future one) still sees them. The commit message ("hide repeated IDs") states the symptom-masking intent outright.
   Why it matters: The task is "fix duplicate imported record IDs for reports, CLI imports and scheduled imports." The reviewer notes make it explicit that imported records themselves must be unique. This diff satisfies none of the three named targets: the report looks clean, but re-running either import still stores duplicates, and the data is still wrong.
   Require instead: Move the guard into the shared write path (finding 2) and drop this dict comprehension. Once the store cannot hold duplicate IDs, report() can go back to list(store.rows()). If a read-side dedupe is kept as defense in depth, it must not be the fix.

2. app/imports.py, import_rows() (unchanged, but this is where the fix belongs)
   What is wrong: import_rows appends every row unconditionally. Both cli_import and scheduled_import route through it, so one idempotency check here fixes all three named surfaces at once; patching only the report leaves both write paths broken.
   Why it matters: The store is append-only with no ID constraint, so this function is the only place uniqueness can be enforced in the current design. Fixing it here is also the smallest correct diff: one guard, one file, covers every caller.
   Require instead: Skip (or explicitly upsert; see finding 4) rows whose id is already present in the store, checking both existing stored rows and rows earlier in the same batch. Sketch:

       def import_rows(store, rows):
           seen = {row["id"] for row in store.rows()}
           for row in rows:
               if row["id"] in seen:
                   continue
               seen.add(row["id"])
               store.append(row)

   Building seen from store.rows() is O(n) per import; acceptable for a fix, and worth a comment noting that an ID index or a store-level unique constraint is the upgrade path if imports get large.

3. Semantics of the read-side dedupe: last-wins is a silent behavior change
   What is wrong: The dict comprehension keeps the last row for each ID. The reviewer notes call this out. Nothing in the task says a later import should overwrite an earlier record, and the write path still keeps every version, so the report and the store now disagree about which record is "the" record for an ID.
   Why it matters: Whether a duplicate should be dropped (first-wins), replace the original (last-wins/upsert), or be rejected is a data-semantics decision that must be made deliberately and applied consistently at write time, not implied by an incidental property of dict construction in a report.
   Require instead: Pick the policy explicitly (first-wins skip is the conservative default for an import that "reproduces duplicate stored records" when re-run) and implement it in import_rows so the store and every reader agree.

4. Existing duplicate data is not addressed
   What is wrong: Even with a correct write-side guard, stores that already contain duplicates from earlier double-runs keep them. This diff papers over that for report() only.
   Why it matters: Any consumer other than report() still sees bad data; the guard in finding 2 would also seed seen from a store that already has repeats, so a first-wins policy at least stops the bleeding, but the historical duplicates remain.
   Require instead: State in the PR how existing duplicates are handled: a one-off cleanup/migration, or an explicit note that it is out of scope and why. Silence is not acceptable given the task framing.

5. No test
   What is wrong: The change ships with no test, and the behavior at issue (run an import twice, store must contain each ID once) is trivially testable.
   Why it matters: The bug reproduces deterministically ("running either import twice reproduces duplicate stored records"); a test that imports the same rows twice through cli_import and scheduled_import and asserts one stored record per ID would have caught that this diff does not fix it.
   Require instead: Add that test for both entry points, plus a case with a duplicate ID inside a single batch.

6. Commit message
   What is wrong: "hide repeated IDs in import report" describes masking, not fixing, and does not match the task.
   Why it matters: It will mislead anyone reading history into thinking the duplicate-import bug was addressed.
   Require instead: Once the fix is in the write path, something like "Skip already-imported record IDs in import_rows".

Summary of what I would require before approving: enforce ID uniqueness in import_rows (covering CLI and scheduled imports through the shared path), revert report() to a plain read, state the duplicate policy and how existing duplicates are handled, and add a double-import test.
